Scheduled Mar 11, 2025 10:20am – 10:30am (EDT)
Via MS-TEAMS

Afterward notes;;

God, I was a nervous wreck during all of that- 
Didn't even go through/use an/most of my notes! GAH;;
On criticism I need to take to heart;;
	Being more professional; being nervous is fine, but breaking down because of it is, counterproductive, non?
	They relayed a good notion on how user-friendliness is a key component for any application- a sentiment echoed by Prof Mcneill- I should focus on that more! Just needs some tweaks

Overall; was a productive & nice meeting- though I feel like I bungled the flow a bunch-
On the status of my project itself- they said it looks good! Which is sweet- I just need to keep getting at it, then! Yeah!




schedule details;;

Event Name: CISC 4900 Live Presentation

Your presentation time slot will be 10 minutes long where you present your video recording (you'll narrate highlights of this video) along with work in progress for about 5 minutes, followed by Q&A. 


Information that your instructor would be interested in knowing about during your brief presentation, include but are not limited to the following (any order):

    What are you trying to achieve for the semester? Show your ideas with documentation, diagrams, estimated schedule, etc.
    What have you worked on so far? Show evidence of completed work via documentation, source code, version control, etc.
    What is the next task you'll work on? Show your task management board, and status of your tasks.
    Has anything changed since the beginning of the semester regarding your project scope? Show your task management board and/or diagrams and describe any changes that have been made since the first version. 


Your instructor may ask other, related questions including but not limited to:

    What is your most/least favorite aspect of this project so far?
    What have you learned about time estimation that you didn't previously know?
    What would you change about your project planning if you had to redo your project over again?
    How might you structure the order of your tasks differently if you had to redo your project?